systemd-notify: add page (#10618)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/systemd-notify.md

# systemd-notify

> > Notify service manager about start-up completion and other daemon status changes.
> > More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-notify.html#>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Notify the service manager about start-up completion and other daemon status changes.
> This command is useless outside systemd service scripts.
> More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-notify.html>.
```

- Notify systemd that the service has completed its initialization and is fully started. It should be invoked when the service is ready to accept incoming requests:

`systemd-notify --booted`

- Signal to systemd that the service is ready to handle incoming connections or perform its tasks:

`systemd-notify --ready`

> - Provide a custom status message to systemd. It can be used to provide additional information about the service's initialization progress or state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a custom status message to systemd (this information is shown by `systemctl status`):
```

> `systemd-notify --status="Add custom status message here..."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systemd-notify --status="{{Add custom status message here...}}"`
```
